Create expiration_rules.md (#205)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/intelligence_center/expiration_rules.md

# Expiration Rules

In SEKOIA.IO each indicator object must have a start and a validity end date.

When producing new intelligence in Content Proposals or via a playbook, analysts can manually define these validity periods on a case-by-case basis. 

> The Expiration Rules have been designed to define default validity periods for the Indicators objects according to the type of observable. By default 6 rules exist in SEKOIA.IO:
> * File (hash): 12 months
> * URL: 6 months
> * IPv4: 1 month
> * IPv6: 1 month
> * Domain name: 6 months
> * Other observables: 6 months

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Expiration Rules have been designed to define default validity periods for the Indicators objects according to the type of observable. By default 6 rules exist in SEKOIA.IO:

* File (hash): 12 months
* URL: 6 months
* IPv4: 1 month
* IPv6: 1 month
* Domain name: 6 months
* Other observables: 6 months
```

<img width="1425" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17184467/155111993-587bda36-277e-4c36-b584-77d95c53815c.png">

> For example, when importing an IP address into a Content Proposal and creating a new Indicator object, if the analyst does not modify the fields corresponding to the validity date, it will automatically be set to 1 month during validation in the CTI base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when importing an IP address into a Content Proposal and creating a new Indicator object, if the analyst does not modify the fields corresponding to the validity date, it will automatically be set to 1 month once merged in the CTI base.
```
